Just a little bug
You are busy with work
Why bother you with this trivial matter?
If it doesn't go well tomorrow
I'll take you to the hospital.
Are you sure it's a gastrointestinal problem in the future?
When I was pregnant
You too.
Are you pregnant?
No no
I'm not pregnant.
It's just that the stomach is a little uncomfortable.
Haha, it's good if you're not pregnant.
Save the pregnancy and have to take medicine
What a hassle. That's right
various roads
No one welcomed or liked my child
I must never let them know of the existence of the child
You are really pregnant
No, you know.
I take medicine every time
You better be telling the truth
If you find out that you are lying to me
He's home.
What's up?
The current bleeding situation has stabilized for the time being
But your child is fragile.
Before this child is born
You don't have any marital commitments
Next time
You must stand
I want to live in the old house for a few days
Why is that?
It's so busy here
I also want to change my mood.
You think about it
OK, well, a few days, then.
I'll pick you up in a few days.
What happened again?